all recipes membered TN catch sir Dermot
bulgogi recipe a Korean dish of thinly
sliced and marinated beef cooked on the
grill remember T bender 36 says this was
the best thing I've ever made
to begin thinly slice 1 pound of flank
steak into strips against the grain many
reviewers suggest partially freezing the
meat first to make slicing easier
to prepare the marinade combine five
tablespoons soy sauce two and a half
tablespoon sugar
1/4 cup chopped green onions
two tablespoons minced garlic 2
tablespoon sesame seeds 2 tablespoon
sesame oil
and 1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper in
a bowl whisk the marinade to dissolve
the sugar
pour the marinade over the beef tossing
gently to coat
then cover and refrigerate for at least
one hour or overnight
preheat the grill for high heat and
lightly oil the grate
quickly grill beef until slightly
charred and cooked through one to two
minutes per side cooking the beef under
the broiler for the same amount of time
is also a great option
Allrecipes member Jenna says this recipe
for beef bulgogi is very authentic
just like my Korean mother made for me
you